so Jeremy inspired me he was live coding
so I'm gonna live keynote so we're gonna
we're gonna come up with this peer
discovery protocols together all right
so the fear scarf protocol is very
simple right it's just this let's make
that a little bit easier to read it's
kind of nice this is a different thing
oh yeah did you got it you gotta have
some textile lighting but like type
highlighting forget about just like a
free discovery great chill out I'm a pro
man come on all right I'm not gonna send
just highlight the other one so look
it's gonna started how about that yeah
what up why not
does it have to be what the NS a derp
if you guys had her that's new to me
cool but why is it why is that not a
link I don't understand nope what you
want back okay let's figure out like
where it is no no no no no I'm serious
the original the original thing like is
more terrible yeah it's like where is it
like a gist right wait what yeah you're
right that's it
Oh hohoho this is like very old oh yeah
whoo
yeah oh oh yeah there we go
path to resource that's a path to
resource yeah
I notice a resource went up great so uh
I mean point is is this useful okay
great let's move on this is not a bike
shed you could do that by adding DNS
links to the same record you you can't
have you you have to you're saying you
get you set to text records yeah that's
probably not able to be able to
distinguish the two but why is adder all
right whatever
let's spike sure that another time it's
not that goal okay we're done with with
this one
what about what other in discovery
protocol Stanley come up with Twitter
right what would i look like so like one
twitter account would broadcast peers
what should be a hashtag your rights so
be like get get tweets something like
that and i like you it fast like
something like that and then you would
get out back a bunch of like
what's up
you could validate it so that works
would that be useful how useful would
this be how about IRC exactly she'd be
like IRC can act like you know freenode
or whatever and then you would say like
what like list something like that yeah
that's bitcoins by the way that was
bitcoins bootstrap peer discovery
protocol yeah what else yep what what is
that what does that interface look like
Suz that peer exchange peer we internet
exchange and then you pass in like yeah
so you could use like ISPs and so on
cool great what else that's not like a
service discovery protocol more wouldn't
that be just the identify protocol is
already there yep sound yeah what uh so
audio broadcasts it would be like cat my
address into like the speaker's right
somehow you just alright
oh yeah I'm to do that of course I'm
gonna do it
oh no no that's not what's wrong I'm
Donna Linux
now that worked I know what's up I know
what's up but honk kill dot 3 / IP 4 /
1.2.3.4 / alright we got idea
yep that would work but but more
realistically like a good version of
this would be inaudible right there are
like those those systems so there was
like a payment system that did that a
long time ago Apple does that audio
really yes in it okay hold on hold on
one one a time NFC so I don't know what
that enters interface looks like but it
is looks yeah OS peers right and I'll
get a bunch appears all right we got an
FC cubot you had one
I think it's radio so like oh like have
em have em yeah sure like you could just
any radio yeah sure so you know read
[Music]
alright alright there's someone hands up
here
yo what up yeah yeah I mean like the
radio one would be yeah bluetooth right
so we already said Bluetooth ble LS
peers right P to be view Billy or
something more hands dial-up service
what would that look like
that's what I really was so like you
connect to a specific dial-up and then
he like responds with some peers dial up
to some yeah
yes so Wi-Fi fine max
yeah we'd have time I like special that
house Network then I joined that is I
like the right secure way to do it
maybe alright next more hands how about
something crazier like let's just you
know we've been thinking about radio and
local too much how about how about
something like really secure like if
really it was really hard to just
connect to the internet or something or
to safe safe places like imagine that
most information that it was not super
well secured was changed my other stuff
where would you hope to find good peers
yep
QR codes so QR code reader
what was that dead drop sneakernet
yeah let's call it that what is that
sure
crawl
yep yeah but you know kind of like
indelible right
what else yep there's genius so like
what is your email address
oh well you know it's ipv4 slash one two
three to a four
yeah sure that's awesome
all right more ideas more ideas yep what
all right what I like that one more it's
equally like heart now that's harder DNA
actually it's like he put it in some
virus and spread it CRISPR you Chris
write it in pigeons
come on it's like you don't know the RFC
yeah
well I see yeah how about newspapers
yeah no totally npm install' appears
right what port hockey what is it oh
yeah totally like the old yes so bored
scanning what else an a yes from when
that side of the room
how about tour could you do some
discovery into her like when you're at
ur node don't you get Pierce don't you
hear about some theorists come IDs
what's up yeah so it's just like a
bootstrap list yeah but what I mean once
you're connected to the to the tour list
don't you start getting a bunch of
discovery through that like you'd like
for shuffle what is that protocol this
is just like packs I just remind
everybody banks was like the peer
exchange protocol which really meant
like hey I wanted to leave all the
people that I find out about and you
tell me about people that you find out
about oh yeah totally
they seem like almost all the touring
plans actually BitTorrent was really
good at port scanning and knocking and
packs and and and mainline DHT stuff
oh that's interesting
oh wow that's way cooler hold on a
minute Wow
yep yep
so you're you're doing pore scanning
like you could do this for other other
systems today yep
what else how about some stuff like how
about a CubeSat we could broadcast
addresses yeah it's radio fine
yeah it's like content discovery but
that's true could you do something with
mail like what about with some weird
protocols like could you use the HTTP or
yeah how would you do it
can you LS like the list of local pierce
through the HCP I usually definitely use
Ethernet though right you could
definitely use Ethernet like just listen
listen to what's around what was that
oh I see so like the das registry would
like carry PR IDs and a bunch of others
right like just public public info how
about it
steganography on Wikipedia in like
images
what else
something-something lights what up
Bionic Oh like a like a good chip yeah
it's yeah it's RFID come on all of these
have different properties right so some
of these are harder to get rid of easier
to find but slower some of them are and
like local some of them are like some
where there are really hard to write to
what's that oh yeah like encode oh yeah
yeah II didn't code the entire key well
now in Chains
what else what are we like missing what
kind of category good things for
everything yeah I mean we we've talked
about things like Pro Quint and so on
yeah
to like spread your purity around well
it's like the pigeon thing oh what's
that
clay tablets yeah
please tablets they're kind of hard to
distribute though write it on a rock
what else I feel like we're like
starting to scrape the bottom of the
barrel yeah it's like a generational
like yeah how about how about something
like more more ubiquitous like you
imagine imagine more practical scenarios
like in when people sort of blocking a
bunch of pure blue strapless in China
for example what lever works yeah let me
to be bat-signal Oh osm like awesome
data that's right and it's that's the
geolocation there is a really good idea
because you could like start putting a
bunch of peers in like close areas where
they actually are yeah what else
yeah like just does this ever-present
flood of stuff yeah wonder if you could
use ICMP for those there's a way to like
trick ICMP to like start sending I don't
have you ever seen this but there's a
really amazing that reversal method with
ICMP I think Sammy came up with it right
like you send that an ICMP reply I think
embedded in in a nice simply reply
request and you send it to somebody but
then somehow you tricked some of the
node its to like send it back to
somebody else and you encode your your
information in so you can do
natural-bristle that way it's free
amazing spoo source addresses yeah yeah
yeah I feel like those kinds of things
though are gonna like outlive the
protocols we use on the peer ID so like
there will be like less useful yeah
definitely it's cool but what about like
something much more what yeah I would
like classify that would like the radio
stuff it's like yeah that's right oh
yeah that that's really easy to
distribute I go all over the place Oh
memes steganography means that's the way
to do it
anything but what is photo with
lithography it's awesome there would
that be a type of second era fee / IP
for yeah QR code in the backyard would
be yeah Karen in your bracket yeah it's
a really cool idea
Chuck has codes for satellites that this
is I think there's something really
there yeah straight into there and he
hands who is not suggested one raise
your hand even on suggesting what Martin
do you have an 80s yes now
yeah I feel like yeah we had only
interns and stuff but
yeah what's a lot of those things are
kind of like long-term like they're good
bootstrap things for like a good trusted
party what about like peer discovery
that's very recent like yeah actually
gossip what's it come on yeah look it's
it's described in a bunch of places but
what other weird things that has
peer-to-peer systems done so we touch
them IRC you would touch on pecs and
port scanning email oh yeah totally
how yeah like you could send an email to
a special email address and then I would
just reply right like auto-reply it with
like a bunch of peers and you could like
adding yourself to it it's just a
mailing list
what was that one back there stamps I
don't put that one with the lesson funny
stuff that travels a lot
what about something is like has right
now I think a lot of these can include a
few pure IDs but what about something
we're like you could really broadcast
like tons of parodies or like sorry
addresses like hi through boom so no no
over like an hour or day get me asked to
do a broadcast station is hard but sure
yeah
I would classify that without radio
stuff yeah would you like comments on
something like what is the most so we
touched on email what is like the again
ntp or something like that like some you
know what that's going on there
steganography into volatile markets
error rates really high connect to us
today high throughput high throughput
yeah I really think like Twitter is
probably one of the biggest broadcasts
easiest to broadcast mediums around yeah
edition this well is that good house I
don't think we have got a few 44
sounds good all right we got our work
cut out thanks everybody